Add offensive langauge dravidian dataset (#1550)
huggingface/datasets: datasets/offenseval_dravidian/README.md

> annotations_creators:
> - expert-generated
> language_creators:
> - crowdsourced
> languages:
>   kannada:
>   - en
>   - kn
>   malayalam:
>   - en
>   - ml
>   tamil:
>   - en
>   - ta
> licenses:
> - cc-by-4.0
> multilinguality:
> - multilingual
> size_categories:
>   kannada:
>   - 1K<n<10K
>   malayalam:
>   - 10K<n<100K
>   tamil:
>   - 10K<n<100K
> source_datasets:
> - original
> task_categories:
> - text-classification
> task_ids:
> - text-classification-other-offensive-language

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
annotations_creators:
- expert-generated
language_creators:
- crowdsourced
languages:
  kannada:
  - en
  - kn
  malayalam:
  - en
  - ml
  tamil:
  - en
  - ta
licenses:
- cc-by-4.0
multilinguality:
- multilingual
size_categories:
  kannada:
  - 1K<n<10K
  malayalam:
  - 10K<n<100K
  tamil:
  - 10K<n<100K
source_datasets:
- original
task_categories:
- text-classification
task_ids:
- text-classification-other-offensive-language
---
```

> # Dataset Card for [Needs More Information]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Dataset Card for Offenseval Dravidian
```

## Dataset Structure

### Data Instances

An example from the Tamil dataset looks as follows:

| text   | label |
| :------ | :----- |
| படம் கண்டிப்பாக வெற்றி பெற வேண்டும் செம்ம vara level           | Not_offensive |
| Avasara patutiya editor uhh antha bullet sequence aa nee soliruka kudathu, athu sollama iruntha movie ku konjam support aa surprise element aa irunthurukum | Not_offensive |

An example from the Malayalam dataset looks as follows:

| text   | label |
| :------ | :----- |
| ഷൈലോക്ക് ന്റെ നല്ല ടീസർ ആയിട്ട് പോലും ട്രോളി നടന്ന ലാലേട്ടൻ ഫാൻസിന് കിട്ടിയൊരു നല്ലൊരു തിരിച്ചടി തന്നെ ആയിരിന്നു ബിഗ് ബ്രദർ ന്റെ ട്രെയ്‌ലർ           | Not_offensive |
| Marana mass  Ekka kku kodukku oru | Not_offensive |

An example from the Kannada dataset looks as follows:

| text   | label |
| :------ | :----- |
| ನಿಜವಾಗಿಯೂ  ಅದ್ಭುತ heartly heltidini... plz avrigella namma nimmellara supprt beku          | Not_offensive |
| Next song gu kuda alru andre evaga yar comment  madidera alla alrru like madi share madi nam industry na next level ge togond hogaona.      | Not_offensive |

### Data Fields

Tamil
- `text`: Tamil-English code mixed comment.

> - `label`: list of the possible values: "Not_offensive", "Offensive_Untargetede", "Offensive_Targeted_Insult_Individual",  "Offensive_Targeted_Insult_Group", "Offensive_Targeted_Insult_Other", "not-Tamil"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `label`: integer from 0 to 5 that corresponds to these values: "Not_offensive", "Offensive_Untargetede", "Offensive_Targeted_Insult_Individual",  "Offensive_Targeted_Insult_Group", "Offensive_Targeted_Insult_Other", "not-Tamil"
```

Malayalam
- `text`: Malayalam-English code mixed comment.

> - `label`: list of the possible values: "Not_offensive", "Offensive_Untargetede", "Offensive_Targeted_Insult_Individual",  "Offensive_Targeted_Insult_Group", "Offensive_Targeted_Insult_Other", "not-malayalam"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `label`: integer from 0 to 5 that corresponds to these values: "Not_offensive", "Offensive_Untargetede", "Offensive_Targeted_Insult_Individual",  "Offensive_Targeted_Insult_Group", "Offensive_Targeted_Insult_Other", "not-malayalam"
```

Kannada
- `text`: Kannada-English code mixed comment.

> - `label`: list of the possible values: "Not_offensive", "Offensive_Untargetede", "Offensive_Targeted_Insult_Individual",  "Offensive_Targeted_Insult_Group", "Offensive_Targeted_Insult_Other", "not-Kannada"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `label`: integer from 0 to 5 that corresponds to these values: "Not_offensive", "Offensive_Untargetede", "Offensive_Targeted_Insult_Individual",  "Offensive_Targeted_Insult_Group", "Offensive_Targeted_Insult_Other", "not-Kannada"
```
